I have chosen to pursue my first option, an interior design website combining a personal portfolio with a database of inspiration from other design-related websites. I chose this option partially because I have previous experience in the field, but mostly because it is something I enjoy and want others to relate to. I think everyone deserves to love the space that they come home to, and that they don't have to be an expert designer to achieve that end. I want to make this site aesthetic and experiential; down-to-earth and easy to understand; and ultimately relaxing and enjoyable.

I used color and images that span the whole page to help balance out the large amounts of text. Making the background color a very pale grey makes the whole page seem less stark. It definitely needs a bit more work, and will improve as I add more elements and images. The final design is not quite what I expected, which may be partially because I have more in my brain than I know how to get on the webpage at the moment. I think I could use a more solid theme and color scheme, and could definitely benefit from adjusting the margins and general negative space. I did not experiment with float and margin yet. I had a few challenges with the styling, mostly when the background color covered everything on the entire page. I apparently forgot a closing tag, but it worked when I just redid the style element (with a closing tag this time). I also had to look up how to center images using html, and discovered a <div> tag, which worked well, despite me not really knowing what it is.